# Shadows_Rising_RPG-0.0.5b
Shadows Rising is a browser based RPG written in PHP, Javascript, and XHTML.

:sparkles: Welcome to Shadows Rising RPG :sparkles:


# SHADOWS RISING RPG

Shadows Rising RPG is a browser-based Role-Playing-Game created using PHP, and HTML. The game is multiplayer and can be installed and operated on a website.

This game was previously classified as Pre-Alpha dating back to the year 2005. The master repository contains the original files which have been unchanged.

Please note that those who are looking for changes to the original code which are reviewed as stable must pull, fork, clone (if your using GitHub desktop), or download from the "release" branch.


# CURRENT REPOSITORY BRANCHES

There are currently 7 branches to this repository, all which is responsible for different phases of the development of the software.

master - Only contains an original copy of the code since it's last published in the year 2005. This is a known clean copy of the code in which no changes have been made since then. You only want to pull from the master branch if you need a clean copy of the code with no changes made. 

release - The release branch contains the most up to date changes which have been reviewed as stable. Use this branch if you wish to put the software into production.

sandbox - Code is moved to this branch for testing purposes only. This is also the branch in which bug reports and issues can be generated by the public.

promoted - Code which has been changed and ready for testing before being transferred to the sandbox branch. Code is stored here to work out the guidelines of testing or other means of evaluation. Code which has been promoted means that the unit, or alpha testing has been concluded and approved.

review - Contains code which is currently under review via unit testing, alpha testing, or other testing means before being transferred to the promoted branch.

dev-core - This is where all the major coding/development take place using Integrated Development Environments to develop, test and track changes. The code is then moved to the review branch to approve the changes made.

staging - The branch which all new code that has not been incorporated into the software can start. A group meeting must take place before new code can be introduced into the product. Once approved it is then moved into the dev-core branch.




# LICENSE INFORMATION

This software is published and distrubited under the GNU General Public License v2.0.

This repository has been reorganized and reclassified to make sure software and/or code changes made to the software are in accordance with the GNU General Public License v2.0. This includes, but is not limited to the following...

License and copyright notice - [A copy of this license and copyright notice must be included with the software].

State changes - [Changes made to the code must be documented].

Disclose source - [Source code must be made avaiable when the software is distribuited].

Same license - [Modifications of the software must be released under the same license. In some cases a simular or related license can be used].

For more inforamtion or to see the license and provisios in it's entirety for this software please see [GNU General Public License v2.0](https://github.com/liminalitystudios/Shadows_Rising_RPG-0.0.5b/blob/master/LICENSE)

For any additional questions concerning licening, or publishing please direct to [Liminality Studios](mailto:pr@liminalitystudios.us)
